humans are strange creatures there are
people who have been together all their
lives but cannot understand each other
however there are people who only meet
in a moment become a soul mate reggie
was a 12 year old boy who lived in a
rich mansion his house was very big
every morning when he woke up the nanny
had got up early to change his clothes
brush his teeth his mother was always
busy with a quirky personality geggy's
life was almost entirely dependent on
the servant in the house gegi was not
only a rich son but also a prodigy when
he was nearly two years old he could
read he discovered the talent in
mathematics at four years old geggy
always carried a large instrument box on
his back it was a classical cello
geggy's melodious voice attracted
everyone his work his professional
career and his gaze were completely
unlike a 12 year old boy like an adult
geggy didn't like nanny to pick him up
he was interested in walking and
enjoying fresh air in order that his
mother was not worried as well as to
ensure the driver's job he gave the
driver money and told him to hide his
mother this was good for both sides this
was the daily life of 12 year old genius
geggy although he had a luxurious life
he was extremely lonely in another place
in the city there was a girl who lived a
completely contrasting life her name was
eleanor she was a poor and strenuous
girl she and her boyfriend lived in an
old rental room boyfriend regularly
drank alcohol eleanor could not stand it
that morning she threw her boyfriend's
guitar downstairs this marked the end of
this love she packed everything up went
to the restaurant to work her ex still
clung to eleanor the boss was afraid of
affecting the business so eleanor and
her ex-lover were kicked out not only
did she lose the love but also got fired
from her job and had no place to live
eleanor went to a wealthy house to apply
for a job as a nanny that could solve
the problem of accommodation because the
nanny suddenly quit her job and the
mother was on a business trip this cold
mansion needed to find a nanny to take
care of geggy fate is truly miraculous
connecting two people of different ages
and conditions eleanor removed her
makeup to interview this job she was
amazed at the large and magnificent
mansion it was very lucky for hers not
only did she have a place to live she
also had a salary after geggy's mother
told about her work she let eleanor come
pick giggy off from school this was the
first time the two have met she sat in
the stand to watch him play the cello
the melodious sound touched her heart
her tears just poured out geggy insisted
on walking home eleanor helplessly
followed him the first time they went
home they introduced themselves simply
nice to meet you after talking the two
smiled eleanor praised the song very
emotional but geggy said the music was
dead his opinion was very negative but
in fact it was eleanor began to feel
curious about this lonely boy she heard
the cello opened the door it turned out
that geggy was practicing cello in the
indoor swimming pool which ran out of
water this was his habit eleanor asked
curiously why don't you swim here geggy
couldn't swim nobody taught him after
hearing that eleanor smiled and said
okay i'll
do
the cello he was like an adult asked
about eleanor's family matters eleanor
dodged she just said her family had a
younger brother and a younger sister she
didn't want to mention her parents she
said the ice cream is about to melt to
end the topic after finishing the
examination gegi got a summer vacation
the mother had to go to china to support
her stepfather's work she let gegi join
the summer camp that's where gegi hated
the most he still used the old way of
dealing with it he gave each person in
the summer camp a check so that they
could put his name on the list he took
eleanor out of a world that wasn't
suitable for him reggie brought eleanor
to a luxury restaurant with an expensive
salad welcome to his strange and lonely
world they sat on the sofas watched
movies ate snacks and laughed
comfortably the call of his ex had
interrupted her he came here eleanor
went out and shouted at him geggy
followed seeing eleanor shouting at her
ex after he left the two of them entered
the house together eleanor apologized
for not taking care of geggy let him see
the dark side of her life but he didn't
notice and said life is a series of
mistakes the relationship between people
not being cared for and taken care of
but being together to warm another's
heart after all two lonely people are
more comfortable than one person two
people sat in the exhibition enjoyed a
photo of a half-naked woman geggy talked
about the legend of that painting
eleanor admired his understanding became
more curious about this little scientist
this was the first time he talked about
his father who had passed away when he
was only three years old all his
knowledge was taught by his father he
was extremely talented passionate about
music of course he also had some bad
habits of ordinary people drinking
alcohol for example but he always built
an image like a figure in mythology that
way he felt more comfortable the
substitute servant cooked bad but she
was very kind so they didn't make
difficult for her they smiled and poured
the food into the sink eleanor took
geggy to the subway took him to the
restaurant she used to eat together
enjoyed fried noodles that had lots of
oil geggy hadn't played cello for a long
time he was trying to dodge eleanor led
him to the park to walk what a beautiful
day the kids invited gekki to play
soccer geggy refused he had no friends
and was used to being alone eleanor was
the first friend of reggie one day while
she was eating eleanor's phone rang her
father was seriously ill she felt very
panicked and worried she wanted to go
home immediately but was worried about
giggy geggy suggested to return with her
after a long journey the two of them
went to eleanor's house her house was
messy and old and their family was very
complicated after the father was in the
army the mother and her uncle stayed
together eleanor didn't want to stay
here anymore they rented a hotel in the
city before going to bed eleanor told
gegi about her story she knew how to
play the saxophone in terms of music she
also had good talent she could not go to
the music academy because the tuition
was too expensive she chose to go to the
big city in her spare time she went to
the subway to perform she knew that
bastard guitar guy in here she dreamed a
lot but the cramped city had robbed her
of all the ideals of her soul because of
the lack of money eleanor had to sell
the saxophone it was a surprise gift
from her father eleanor was about to cry
emotionally geggy didn't want to see
that scene he turned off the lights and
said good night the next day they went
to the hospital their father filled with
pipes and machines eleanor bursted into
tears she blamed her mother and uncle
then she pulled geggy and went away on
the way home they talked about the
future eleanor was about to leave she
wanted to start over to find herself
again geggy encouraged her to practice
the saxophone to follow her dream
eleanor advised him to re-practice the
cello they promised to talk for the last
time on the lawn they were very sad they
talked about love and promised not to
forget each other the new nanny arrived
it was time eleanor had to leave geggy
prepared her a bag of snack all of which
she likes she told him to live happily
be a good child she planned to go back
home to find the past and wake herself
up gekki couldn't stay calm he cried
while saying i've known you for a few
months but i feel like i've known you
for a lifetime the two hugged each other
to say goodbye for the last time parting
was always sad geggy was very sad
eleanor ate snacks in the car she
returned to her original lonely life he
began to carry the large instrument box
on his back eleanor found a new job one
day after work she saw a box in front of
the door surprisingly it was the
saxophone he also went to a swimming
pool that had never been filled with
water and started performing she also
began to blow the saxophone harmonized
with the music like sunday like rain is
a movie with a beautiful name the video
depicts the strange and unique love
meeting each other in life is a blessing
separation is destiny the starry sky
can't be forever clear joy goes hand in
hand with suffering thanks for the fate
of bringing warm sunny days thanks the
rain when parting and after those sunny
and rainy days we become more
independent